Port Loaders, Printers, Savers (#4716)
tenzir/tenzir: web/docs/tql2/operators/load_zmq.md

# load_zmq

Loads bytes from ZeroMQ messages.

```tql
load_zmq [endpoint:str, filter=str, listen=bool, connect=bool, monitor=bool]
```

## Description

The `load_zmq` operator processes the bytes in a ZeroMQ message received by a `SUB`
socket.

> Indpendent of the socket type, the `zmq` connector supports specfiying the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indpendent of the socket type, the `load_zmq` operator supports specfiying the
```
